# 听力原文

## 【DAY 1-3】例题剑 7-2-4

My topic is handedness – whether in different sports it is better to be left- or right-sided or whether a more balanced approach is more successful. I’m left-handed myself and I actually didn’t see any relevance to my own life when I happened to start reading an article by a sports psychologist called Peter Matthews. He spent the first part of the article talking about handedness in music instead of sport, which I have to say almost put me off from reading further. But what I soon became struck by was the sheer volume of both observation and investigation he had done in many different sports and I felt persuaded that what he had to say would be of real interest. I think Matthews’ findings will be beneficial, not so much in helping sportspeople to work on their weaker side, but more that they can help them identify the most suitable strategies to use in a given game. Although most trainers know how important handedness is, at present they are rather reluctant to make use of the insights scientists like Matthews can give, which I think is rather short-sighted because focusing on individual flexibility is only part of the story. 

Anyway, back to the article.

Matthews found a German study which looked at what he called ‘mixed-handedness’, that is, the capacity to use both left and right hands equally. It looked at mixed-handedness in 40musicians on a variety of instruments. Researchers examined a number of variables, e.g. type of instrument played, regularity of practice undertaken and length of time playing instrument… and found the following: keyboard players had high levels of mixed-handedness, whereas string players like cellists and violinists strongly favoured one hand. Also those who started younger were more mixed-handed.

Matthews also reports studies of handedness in apes. Apes get a large proportion of their food by ‘fishing’ ants from ant hills. The studies show that apes, like humans, show handedness – though for them right- and left-handedness is about equal, whereas about 85 percent of humans are right-handed. Studies showed that apes consistently using the same hand fished out 30 percent more ants than those varying between the two.

---

Matthews started researching several different sports and found different types of handedness in each. By the way, he uses ‘handedness’. to refer to the dominant side for feet and eyes as well as hands. Anyway, his team measured the hand, feet and eyes of 2,611 players and found that there were really three main types of laterality: mixed – you work equally well on both sides – both hand and eye; single – you tend to favour one side but both hand and eye favour the same side; and cross-laterality – a player’s hands and eyes favour only one side but they are opposite sides. Let’s start with hockey. Matthews found that it was best to be mixed-handed – this is because a hockey stick must be deployed in two directions – it would be a drawback to have hand or eye favouring one side. An interesting finding is that mixed-handed hockey players were significantly more confident than their single handed counterparts. Things are slightly different in racket sports like tennis. Here the important thing is to have the dominant hand and eye on the one side. This means that there is a bigger area of vision on the side where most of the action occurs. If a player is cross lateral the racket is invisible from the dominant eye for much of the swing, it means that they can only make corrections much later… and often the damage has been done by then.

And moving to a rather different type of sport which involves large but precise movements gymnastics. It’s been found that cross hand-eye favouring is best. The predominant reason for this is because it aids balance – which is of course absolutely central to performance in this sport.

## 【DAY 5.1】Part 1 填空题习题 1

**Employee:** Good afternoon. Welcome to Matrix Printing, I’m John Smith. How can I help you?

**Customer:** Good afternoon. I’m here to reprint a brochure for our hotel. There are some pages that need revising.

**Employee:** Sure, how may I address you?

**Customer:** Oh, I’m Mary Jane from Central Hotel Chains. Nice to meet you. I’ve got samples of the previous version.

**Employee:** I assume it is your company’s advertising brochure?

**Customer:** Yes.

**Employee:** What exactly is the problem?

**Customer:** Well, it was printed the year before, so some of the information is already out-of-date. There are also a couple of problems with the layout. Firstly, the letters of the address on the front page are far too small. It’s hard to see when glancing at the cover.

**Employee:** How big do you need it to be?

**Customer:** Increase the letters by 3 font sizes.

**Employee:** Just a minute. Let me take notes of your requirements…OK, what else needs changing?

**Customer:** The information regarding the pool should be deleted, because it is currently under renovation and is not available.

**Employee:** So all of the relevant descriptions on page 2 should be removed? What do we replace it with? We can't just leave the whole page blank.

**Customer:** Just fill it in with the introduction of our newly-opened gym. I've included all the relevant information here in this flash drive.

**Employee:** Let me check...Um, I see. No problem then.

**Customer:** What is also bothering us is that the description under the top photo on page 4 is incorrect. The word lounge needs to be replaced with reception.

**Employee:** Fully noted. Is that all?

**Customer:** No, there is more. Turn to page 5. We feel that showing merely the picture of our exterior and interior decoration does not fully represent the appeal of our hotel. On second thought, we've decided to use a picture with the view of the hotel.

**Employee:** Do you have the original copy of the picture?

**Customer:** Yes, it is also enclosed in the flash drive.

**Employee:** OK, we'll reedit the whole layout of the photos.

**Customer:** Great.

---

**Customer:** Let's turn to the next page.

**Employee:** Yes, what's wrong with that? It seems perfectly fine to me.

**Customer:** At first sight, it seems fine. But according to the feedback of the customers, the prices do not stand out, so we want to change the print from black to red to make it pop out.

**Employee:** OK. I've made notes of all of your requests. Is there anything else?

**Customer:** I appreciate it. Just one final request. Could you translate the whole brochure into Spanish? We have customers worldwide, you know, especially those from Latin countries.

**Employee:** No problem. What about other languages, like Japanese, Chinese or German? These are our most popular target languages.

**Customer:** I have to ask the manager about the Chinese version. There's been a surging number of Chinese clients during recent years. However, we don't need German or Japanese translations as we currently don't have many customers from those two countries.

**Employee:** Sure. Just keep me updated.

**Customer:** So roughly when could we get the revised print? We need it before the end of July.

**Employee:** It's late June now. Roughly it'll take 3 weeks to reedit, so it will definitely be ready before the deadline.

**Customer:** Great.

**Employee:** To where shall we send the samples?

**Customer:** The address is No. 9 Green Drive, Cliffton, NY21300.

**Employee:** How do you spell Cliffton?

**Customer:** C-L-I-double F-T-O-N, Cliffton.

**Employee:** And the telephone number?

**Customer:** It's 9-0-3-0-3-6-6-0-2. Also, if you have any further questions, you can reach me through this number.

**Employee:** OK.

## 【DAY 5.2】Part 1 填空题习题 2

**Receptionist**: Good morning, Sunset Hotel. How may I help you?

**Customer:** Good morning. I just saw an advert in the paper about your hotel. Where exactly is it located?

**Receptionist:** We are situated on Sunset Avenue, north of the beach. Close to many scenic spots, it is an ideal choice for travellers interested in sightseeing.

**Customer:** That's great. Is there a vacant four-bed room? We'll be travelling with our two sons aged 9 and 11, so it's best that we are able to stay in one room.

**Receptionist:** Let me check, just a moment...Um, we only have a few four-bed rooms, and I'm afraid they are fully booked at the moment. The earliest time available is August, but there might be some left in July if a previous customer cancels the reservation.

**Customer:** Oh, that'll do. How much would the room cost me?

**Receptionist:** It's 77.50 euros during peak time, but the price would be much lower during off-peak season. Only 50 euros.

**Customer:** So if I book a room right now, is there any discount?

**Receptionist:** Yes. We do offer a 30% discount for any reservation made one month ahead of schedule. It is a very reasonable price.

**Customer:** That does sound tempting. Does the price include anything?

**Receptionist:** The price includes two breakfast vouchers per room per day. You can use them at two different restaurants in our hotel. There's also a 20-minute spa trial available, but you have to book it beforehand at the concierge or directly at the Spa Centre.

**Customer:** Um, I'm wondering if there is a hairdryer in the room. It takes ages to dry my hair without one. Do I have to bring one?

**Receptionist:** No, there is absolutely no need to bring that for each room is equipped with a hairdryer. But I have to inform you that towels are not provided. You'll have to bring your own or hire some at the front desk.

**Customer:** Oh, I see.

---

**Customer:** Before making a reservation, can you tell me a little bit more about your hotel?

**Receptionist:** Sure, no problem. We aim to please our guests by providing impeccable service and all the modern amenities, trying to make them feel at home. In the lounge, there are a list of books, ranging from contemporary literature to classic poetry, free for any guest to read. There is also a games room offering a number of indoor games including popular board games like Monopoly as well as the beloved Table Soccer. A nice place to go on rainy days.

**Customer:** Are there computers available in the hotel? I might have a few emails to respond to during my stay there.

**Receptionist:** I'm afraid we currently do not provide any for our customers. However, Internet is available within our hotel premises. Just use the room number and guest name to log in.

**Customer:** That means I have to bring my own laptop then. All right. Um, because I'm travelling with my two sons, is there anything that they might be interested in?

**Receptionist:** Yes, a popular activity here for children is collecting shells on the beach. Our hotel has a private beach. When there are very few visitors, you can take a stroll down the beach with your children and enjoy some quality family time undisturbed.

**Customer:** That sound nice, but you see, my boys really love adventure. Is there something more exciting for them to participate in?

**Receptionist:** We do have bicycles ready for hire. You can cycle with the boys along the bush track by the hotel which is an ideal place to explore the wonders of nature. But because there is only a limited number of bicycles, we apply a 'first come, first served' rule.

**Customer:** Got it. I think my boys would love it. How can I arrange the payment then? Can I pay by credit card?

**Receptionist:** Of course. We take credit cards.

**Customer:** Thank you. You've been a great help.

**Receptionist:** My pleasure, Ma'am.

## 【DAY 7】选择练习题 1

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, thank you for returning to Action Radio! We are here talking about current affairs and global issues. I am Jill, and today our focus will be on discussing the very concerning issue of the significance of water conservation and how you can make your own contribution at home.

The most universal wasted energy of all the domestic kinds is heat. Yet since my house has well-insulated walls, I'm lucky enough not to need to do anything about this problem. Yet I still found out that a large amount of water was wasted owing to my way of life. I looked into a few approaches online trying to reduce my water usage as much as possible and have been pleasantly surprised to figure out that there are experts in that field who can make some instant changes to my home. But the only dark side is these works are so costly that there are no means for me to get financial help.

Now, if any of you listeners are interested in reducing your energy usage, here are a couple of easy and positive changes you can make immediately. A lot of the magazines will recommend that you change your bulbs for those with energy saving capabilities. However, I have found that these make little difference to your electricity bills and they also severely reduce the light levels in your home. Instead, simply switch off all plug sockets and appliances to make an immediate saving on your electricity consumption. If this doesn't make enough of a saving for you, you could later turn down the thermostat as well.

Even though my energy provider gave me a discount on my bills for prompt payment, this doesn't make enough of a saving for my monthly bill considering the amount of energy that I was using. So, I felt like switching to another provider. Not only could I make a considerable monthly saving but also get other perks from the new company. The bills can now be paid online, for instance, which was a thrill to me because it saves me from driving to the bank. If our contract endures more than one year, they will also provide me with a deduction for all the energy-saving appliances I am currently using.

Now, many of you listeners will have an electricity meter at home so I'm very sure that all of you will know the problems associated with them. These meters can occupy a lot of room in your home and can be very unsightly if you cannot tuck them away in a cupboard. Mine is very large and it measures both gas and electricity usage. But it is nicely hidden in the coat cupboard and I'm lucky enough to escape from accessing it easily. But the cons about this is that whenever I need to take a meter reading, I'll have to use a torch because it is hidden in darkness, and without a flashlight I can't read the numbers on the screen correctly.

I recently extended my house with a new room that gives us a bathroom with a low energy boiler so I am able to take long showers guilty-free. My walls are nice and thick and well insulated, but disappointingly the window is a little draughty: thus I am about to make some investments by doing some upgrading. Given the renewable energy, I initially thought about installing solar panels on the roof to heat the water rather than applying a new low energy boiler, which was the price-friendly alternative. But I finally determined that the panels would make my house ugly on the exterior. in spite of their ease of technical use.

---

Now if you are keen on taking long showers as I am, switching from baths to showers doesn't change much on your total water usage. Instead, some small effective changes can be quite helpful and efficient. When making a cup of tea, for instance, before boiling water, measure out the amount that you need during the procedure. Also, when brushing teeth, use a cup of water instead of leaving the tap water running. I would recommend you not to fill up the washing machine before switching it on, because I found out that the clothes were not thoroughly cleaned. Also, call a plumber to fix your dripping taps; this will give rise to a great reduction of water being wasted.

Before finishing today's show, I'd like to address two questions that we often get asked by listeners. We had some great feedback about our answer to last week's question on how to calculate the price involved in powering domestic appliances, so let's see how we do this week. One of the most commonly asked questions this week was which device is the lowest energy option for watching films. The simplest answer is that the smaller the screen, the lower the energy used.

One of our listeners wrote in with a question that made me chuckle, and the answer is yes, solar panels only work when the sun is out! Now, on a more serious note, a number of you wanted to know what the most efficient temperature is to set the thermostat to. The answer is that the closer you set it to room temperature, the lower the energy used.

Before saying goodbye today, I'll give you one last tip: turn off all the lights when you leave the room.
