# 雅思口语 - 每日练习

## 练习内容

1. 素材积累：背诵、听、跟读 part 1 和 part 2 口语素材；
2. 发音练习：每日背三句，模仿发音（注意发音现象的细节），每个句子朗读 50 遍以上；
3. 培养语感：背诵 99 句，跟读录音，模仿发音，然后自己单独朗读每个句子 20 遍，读完以后再开始去背。

## 素材积累

### Part 1

#### Advertisements

**Do you like advertisements?**

Has anyone answered “Yes” to this question? Haha. Most advertisements are boring and intrusive. For example, ads often pop up while I’m watching a YouTube video, and I always get very annoyed. But there’s nothing I can do about it.

```
intrusive 侵扰的
ad = advert = advertisement 广告
pop up 突然出现、蹦出来
annoyed 感到很烦的
```

**What kind of advertising do you like?**

It’s hard to think of any that appeals to me. Creative ones? Interesting ones? I can’t think of any examples, but there could have been some adverts that were fun to watch ... or billboards with funny pictures. But like I said, no specific example comes to mind.

```
think of sth 想到... 
appeal to sb 吸引某人、令某人喜欢
creative 有创意的
there could have been ... 对过去的虚拟
fun 有意思的
billboard （路边的）广告牌
specific 具体的
come to mind 被我想到
```

**Is there an advertisement that made an impression on you when you were a child?**

Made an impression on me ... Yeah, one commercial that I used to see time and time again on TV was ... “羊羊羊” It’s just one sound repeated over and over. This one definitely made a very lasting impression on me. But you know what the problem is? I still don’t know what it advertises.

```
commercial 电视上面的商业广告
time and time again = over and over (again) 一遍又一遍地
lasting 持久的
advertise sth 为...做广告、宣传...
```

**Do you see a lot of advertising on trains or other forms of transport？**

Yeah, I do. And there’s more and more of it. Advertising is everywhere, and that’s why I said it’s very intrusive.

#### Cakes

**Do you have a sweet tooth, enjoying cakes and other treats?**

I believe most people have a sweet tooth. I think it’s in our genes. We naturally feel happy when eating something sweet because of the dopamine rush. But I’m aware that it’s not a healthy habit to eat a lot of sugary things, so I try my best not to.

```
genes 基因
naturally 自然地
dopamine rush 多巴胺激增
aware 有意识的、了解的
sugary 含糖的
try my best 尽我所能
```

**Are there any traditional Chinese cakes that you like?**

Yeah, definitely. Off the top of my head, I can think of mooncakes, which are enjoyed on the Mid-Autumn Festival. But there are tons of other kinds. None of the names is coming to mind now. Um, one kind I like is round, crispy on the outside, and it doesn’t have any filling. What’s it called again? I can’t remember, sorry.

```
off the top of my head 我的第一反应是、我立刻想到的是
think of sth 想到... 
Mid-Autumn Festival 中秋节
tons of ... 很多... 
come to mind 被我想到
crispy 脆的
filling 馅儿
again 来着
```

**Did you like eating cakes as a child?**

I absolutely did. But I don’t remember eating a lot when I was a child. I did have cavities in my teeth, so that should be proof that I always ate stuff that was high in sugar.

```
cavity 蛀牙洞
proof 证据、证明
high in sugar 含糖量高
```

**Can you make cakes?**

No, unfortunately, I can’t. In fact, I can’t make anything. I even need help with cooking some ramen noodles.

```
unfortunately 遗憾的是
ramen noodles = instant noodles 方便面
```

#### Celebrities

**Who is your favourite celebrity in your country?**

I think it should be Xu Wei, who is a rock and roll singer. I really like him mainly because his songs are full of emotions, and I can always relate to some of those emotions.

```
celebrity 名人
rock and roll 摇滚
emotion 情感、情绪
relate to sth 产生共鸣、认同...
```

**What kind of famous people do you often see in the news?**

In the news? All kinds of celebrities, right? Like singers, actors, politicians, athletes and ... even influencers, who are appearing on TV, in newspapers and magazines more and more. I’m not sure if this is a positive trend.

```
politician 政客 /ˌpɑːləˈtɪʃn/
athlete 运动员
influencer 网红
appear 出现
trend 趋势
```

**Do you believe that news about famous people is always true?**

Of course not. Not only news about famous people ... News, in general, is not as trustworthy as before, because there’s so much fake news and misinformation now. For example, I read something online the other day about the divorce of a famous couple, but then it turned out to be fake news. 

```
in general 整体来讲
trustworthy 值得信赖的
fake news 假新闻
misinformation 假消息、错误消息
the other day 前几天
divorce 离婚
turn out to be ... 事实证明...
```

**Would you like to be famous in the news?**

No, I don’t think so. Being famous comes with a lot of problems, like the infringement of one’s privacy, and when you’re in the public eye, everybody will be judging you, and you’ll be under so much pressure. I wouldn’t want that in my life.

```
infringement n. 侵犯、侵害
privacy n. 隐私
in the public eye 在公众视线中
judge sb 评判、评价、品头论足
under pressure 有压力
```

#### Chatting

**Do you like chatting with friends?**

Yeah, I do. I really enjoy chatting with people, not necessarily friends. Whether it’s friends, colleagues, neighbors or just strangers, I like talking with them. Having conversations with people just puts me in a better mood and allows me to learn more about the world.

```
necessarily 必然地、必须地
stranger 陌生人
put sb in a ... mood 让某人有一个...的心情
allow sb to do sth 使某人能够...
```

**Do you prefer to chat with a group of people or with only one friend?**

Actually, both. Like I said, I derive a lot of pleasure from chatting with people, so it doesn’t matter whether it’s a group or just one person.

```
derive pleasure from sth 从...获得快乐
```

**What do you usually chat about with friends?**

We chat about anything, but since I’m a bookworm, I always bring up topics about the books I’ve read. For example, I’ve been reading a book titled *Making Time*, so recently, I’ve been discussing topics related to time management and productivity with others.

```
since 由于
bookworm 书虫、喜欢读书的人
bring sth up 提出、提起... 
(be) titled ... 标题是... 
(be) related to sth 和...有关
time management 时间管理
productivity n. 生产力、工作效率
```

**Do you prefer to communicate with people face-to-face or via social media?**

I prefer having face-to-face interactions because as social animals, we just love to ... and should interact with people in person. I can't explain why, but I’ve learned that this can contribute to better health and healthier relationships.

```
interaction n. 互动 interact v. 互动
social animal 社会性动物
in person 当面
contribute to sth 是...的原因之一、促成...
```

### Part 2

#### 2-1

**Describe a difficult task that you completed at work/study that you felt proud of.**

**You should say:**

- **what the task was;**
- **how you completed it;**
- **why the task was difficult;**
- **explain why you were proud of completing the task.**

I’m going to describe a task of reading a book and giving a presentation about that book. The book is titled *the* *Seven Habits of Highly Effective People*, which talks about some important habits that we can incorporate into our lives in order to work better, have better relationships and live better lives overall. For example, one of the habits is “Seek first to understand, then to be understood”. It means that while we have a conversation with someone, we should spend more time listening to them, trying to understand their point of view, and then it’ll be more effective to offer our own ideas or opinions. 

This task was very difficult because I only had one week to complete it. I only had one hour to read every night because at the time, I was also busy with some other projects and exams to prepare for. Plus, a presentation was required. I had to summarize the main points, think about what examples to talk about, work on the slides, and then practice giving the presentation. It was pretty challenging. 

I felt very proud of completing this task because after the presentation in class, I got a big round of applause from my classmates and econ teacher. They said that they particularly liked the examples I used. 

```
be titled ... 标题是... 
incorporate sth into sth 将...纳入/融入... 
in order to do sth 为了
... overall 总体上
point of view 观点
effective 有效的
at the time 在那段时间
project 项目
prepare for an exam 准备考试（注意这里要有 for）
plus 另外
summarize the main points 总结主要内容
slides 幻灯片
challenging 有挑战性的
a big round of applause 热烈的掌声
econ = economics 经济学
particularly 尤其、特别
```

#### 2-2

**Describe a drawing or painting you like.**

**You should say:**

- **when you first saw this drawing or painting;**
- **who painted it;**
- **what the painting is about;**
- **explain why you like this drawing or painting.**

Well, I’m not very interested in art, so I don’t know much about works of art, and it’s pretty difficult to talk about those classic works. I thought long and hard and just decided to describe a drawing that my niece did.

It was a few months ago that I saw it. If I remember correctly, it was a Saturday morning and I was asked to go and babysit my 4-year-old niece because her parents had to run some errands and couldn’t take her with them. I went, spent some time with her and she showed this drawing.

Like I said, my niece is 4 years old and she goes to preschool now. At school, she does all kinds of activities, including building with blocks, playing on slides and seesaws, coloring and drawing.

And this piece of art that she created was about her mom eating noodles, haha. In the picture, there’s a circle with many lines in it, and that is a bowl of noodles. There’s also something that looks like a jellyfish, but she told me it was her mom.

I really liked that drawing just because ... although it’s not very lifelike, it’s pretty cute, especially because her mom looks like a jellyfish, that’s really funny, haha.

```
work of art 艺术作品 
work 作品
classic 经典的
niece 侄女、外甥女
if I remember correctly 如果我没记错的话
babysit 代人临时照看小孩
run some errands 出去办一些事
preschool 幼儿园
blocks 积木
slide 滑梯 
seesaw 跷跷板
color v. 涂色
jellyfish 水母
lifelike 逼真的
```

#### 2-3

**Describe a film that you felt strongly about.**

**You should say:**

- **What it is about;**
- **When you watched it;**
- **Where you watched it;**
- **explain why you felt strongly about it.**

I’m going to talk about an animated movie called *Soul*, made by Pixar, if I’m not mistaken. This is a movie about a music teacher who aspires to be a jazz musician. He lives his entire life trying to realize that dream. One day, he dies and goes to a world called *the Great Before*. He meets somebody named 22, and they experience many things together. Through their adventures, this music teachers realizes that the most important thing in life is not achieving any big goal, but living every day to the full. Many dull things can be fun, like just eating bread, feeling the wind, catching falling leaves, and so on.

I watched this movie very recently, about two months ago. One of my friends, Shawn, recommended this movie to me, saying that I would definitely love it.

Then I downloaded the movie and watched it on my laptop that evening. He was right - I loved it so much.

The reason I feel very strongly about this movie now is because in the last two months, I’ve been trying to savor simple moments in my life, and I’ve felt a lot happier than ever before. For instance, I was grocery shopping with my mom yesterday, and as we were walking in the supermarket, I just listened to her talk and talk and talk ... about all kinds of things. It was enjoyable. And I’m also trying to enjoy this moment, right now. I think it’s also fun.

```
animated movie = animation 动画电影
if I’m not mistaken 如果我没说错的话
aspire to do sth 渴望做某事
realize a dream 实现梦想
adventure 冒险、刺激的事
live every day to the full 充实地过好每一天
dull 无聊的、沉闷的
savor simple moments 享受简单的时刻/瞬间
grocery shopping 购买食品杂货
enjoyable 令人愉快的、令人享受的
laptop 笔记本电脑
savor v. 品味、鉴赏 n. 香味
```

#### 2-4

**Describe a foreigner who speaks your language well.**

**You should say:**

- **who this person is;**
- **where he/she is from;**
- **how he/she learned your language;**
- **explain why he/she can speak your language well.**

I’m going to describe one of my online friends, Chad, who speaks Chinese very well, Mandarin Chinese, to be exact. This is my first language.

Chad is from North Carolina, the United States, and he’s been living here his entire life. He’s never lived in or visited China before, so it’s pretty surprising that he speaks Chinese well. He’s particularly good at talking about cars in Chinese. For example, last week, we talked about the rise of some local Chinese brands, like BYD, Li, XPeng and so on. He said, in Chinese of course, that he was very interested in Li SUVs, which are known for their spaciousness and comfortable seats. In fact, I learned about those cars from that conversation with Chad.

How he learned my language ... I’ve talked with him about this before, and he told me that since he’s always been enthusiastic about cars and wanted to learn Chinese, he just watched so many online videos about cars - their features, performance, prices and so on - all in Chinese. He watched the videos, gained a bunch of information and then talked about it with his friends in China. So there’s learning and then putting it to use, which is an effective way to learn a language.

```
Mandarin Chinese 汉语普通话
to be exact 准确地说
he’s been living there 现在完成进行时
his entire life 他的一生
surprising 令人惊讶的
particularly 尤其、特别
rise n. 上升、增长
SUV 运动型多用途汽车
be known for sth 因...而有名
spacious adj. 空间宽敞的 spaciousness n. 宽敞、空间感
since 由于
be enthusiastic about sth 很喜欢、对...很有热情
feature 特点
performance 性能
gain information 获得信息
a bunch of sth 大量...
put sth to use 将...进行使用
effective 有效的
```

## 背诵 99 句

> 注意：99 句练习的目的是帮助大家提升语感、词汇、句型、发音、逻辑等，并非是在考场上必须原句使用。在考试中，
> 如果某个词、句型、句子自然脱口而出，很好。但是，不要逼迫自己必须说某个背过的句子。有时，在不合适的地方说
> 出某个句子，反倒会导致整体回答很奇怪。

### 时间

I used to eat chocolate <u>**every single day**</u> as a kid, whereas now, I only eat it <u>**occasionally/from time to time/once in a while**</u>. 

It’s okay to stay up <u>**occasionally/from time to time/once in a while**</u>, but if you do it <u>**on a daily basis**</u>, it can be extremely harmful to your health. 

We have tons of homework <u>**pretty much every day**</u>, which really drives me crazy. 

One thing I like about my hometown is that there are many parks here. I go to the park near my home <u>**pretty often/on a pretty regular basis**</u>. 

One healthy habit of mine is going to the gym <u>**regularly**</u>. 

There used to be a petting zoo close to my apartment and I would visit it <u>**two or three times a month**</u>. 

I don't eat ice cream <u>**that often/frequently**</u> now, whereas when I was a kid, it was a daily treat for me. 

I <u>**seldom**</u> have to fix things because my dad is the handyman in our household. I don't have to do any repair work.

```
whereas 然而
occasionally = from time to time = once in a while 偶尔、有时
stay up 熬夜、不睡觉
on a daily basis = every day 每天
harmful 有害的
tons of 很多
pretty much every day 几乎每天
drive me crazy 令我抓狂、令我很不爽
on a regular basis = regularly 定期、经常
petting zoo (允许儿童触摸动物的)抚爱式动物园、农场动物园
that often/frequently 那么频繁
a daily treat 每天都会吃的好东西
seldom 很少、不常
handyman 家里的动手能手
household 一家人、同住一幢房子的人
repair work 修理工作
```

### 地点

Whenever I need to concentrate on some important work, I go to a cafe <u>**close to**</u> my home.

There’s a lake <u>**within walking distance of**</u> my house and I really enjoy taking a walk around it.

My best friend's house is just <u>**a short walk away from**</u> my house, so we often hang out together, either at her place or mine.

Tibet is <u>**very far from**</u> my hometown, and visiting this amazing and majestic place has always been a dream of mine.

The heavy rain caused the traffic to come to a standstill that day, so <u>**it took me over 2 hours to**</u> get to my office.

The nearest library is about 3 kilometers away, and <u>**it takes me about 15 minutes to**</u> bike there.

```
close to sth 离...很近
within walking distance of sth 离...走路就能到
take a walk 遛弯、散步
hang out 做一些休闲的事、度过一些休闲的时间
majestic 壮丽的、庄严的、雄伟的
heavy rain 大雨
cause 引起、导致
come to a standstill 停止、停顿
bike v. 骑自行车
```

### 人物

<u>**My folks**</u> came to visit me, and it has made me really happy. 

Some of <u>**my closest friends**</u> are multilingual, and I really envy them for their language skills. 

<u>**A good friend of mine**</u> told me that the key to living a healthy life is striking a work-life balance. 

<u>**One of my neighbors/relatives**</u> has started her own tutoring business and asked if I would like to partner with her. I'm still considering it. 

I was always an introverted kid and preferred to be <u>**alone/on my own**</u> most of the time. Art helped me express my feelings and emotions.

```
my folks = my family members 我的家人
close 亲近的、亲密的、要好的
multilingual 会说多语言的
envy sb 羡慕某人
the key to sth ...的关键
strike a work-life balance 达到工作生活平衡
tutoring business 辅导业务
partner with sb 和某人合作
consider 考虑
introverted 内向的
express sth 表达...
```

### 感受

One of my favorite things to do in my downtime is to watch movies, which is <u>**a great way to relax/unwind**</u>.

The weekend is an important time of the week because it’s when we can <u>**de-stress/recharge**</u>.

I make it a point to listen to some soothing R&B every night. <u>**It helps me clear my mind**</u> and get ready for bed.

My favorite hangout is my little balcony garden. Tending to my plants <u>**provides a good escape from the daily routine**</u>.

I still remember vividly what it was like in middle school. Every day was <u>**an enjoyable/a pleasurable**</u> experience.

Just one small bite of chocolate can <u>**put people in a better mood**</u>. I think it’s due to the release of dopamine in our brains.

I was <u>**on cloud nine/overjoyed/extremely happy**</u> when my boyfriend gave me a necklace as a birthday gift. It was like a piece of art.

Our party lasted until 3 am, and we all <u>**had a great time/had a lot of fun/had a blast**</u>.

Each time I go traveling with my friends, it’s <u>**a great bonding experience**</u>. <u>**It helps bring us closer together**</u>.

I don’t get a lot of days off, but when I do, I like to <u>**spend some quality time**</u> with my parents.

I guess I was late for the meeting just because I didn’t want to be there on time. I was sure it was going to be <u>**incredibly dull/boring**</u>.

It was a good coffeemaker, but the process of making a cup of coffee was really <u>**time-consuming**</u>.

Learning English already <u>**takes up a lot of my time**</u> now, so I don’t suppose I’ll delve into another language anytime soon.

I used to think taking a nap was <u>**a waste of time**</u>, but now I know that just a 15-minute nap can work wonders.

Bags are just <u>**not my thing**</u>. I have a backpack, and I think it’s more than enough.

```
in my downtime = in my free time = in my spare time 在我的业余时间
unwind = relax = de-stress = recharge 放松、减压
make it a point to do sth （因重要）保证做、必定做... 
soothing 令人镇静/放松的
clear my mind 理清思路、清空大脑
hangout 喜欢待着的地方
tend to my plants 照料我的植物
a good escape from the daily routine 从无聊的日常生活逃离出来的好方法
remember vividly 清楚地记得
enjoyable = pleasurable 令人愉快的、惬意的
a bite of sth （吃）一口... 
put sb in a ... mood 让某人有一个...的心情
release 释放
dopamine 多巴胺
on cloud nine = overjoyed 非常开心的
necklace 项链
a piece of art 一件艺术品
last 持续
have a great time = have a lot of fun = have a blast 玩得很开心
a bonding experience 促进感情的经历
spend quality time 度过美好时光（一般和家人朋友）
on time 准时
incredibly dull/boring 非常无聊的
coffeemaker 咖啡机
time-consuming 耗费时间的
take up ... 占（时间、空间）
delve into sth 深入学习/研究... 
anytime soon 近期、很快
work wonders 取得惊人的效果
not my thing 不是我的菜、我不喜欢
more than enough 足够了
```

### 原因

### 具体化

### 一般过去时

### 过去进行时

### 现在完成（进行）时

### 过去完成时

### 一般将来时

### 对比

## 每日背三句

### 2024/06/25

Elon Musk is a role model for young people.

```
埃隆·马斯克是年轻人的榜样。

role model 榜样
```

He possesses qualities such as creativity, ambition, and hard work.

```
他拥有诸如创造力、雄心壮志和努力工作等品质。

possess sth 拥有...
quality 品质
creativity 创造力
ambition 雄心壮志
```

He is always pushing the boundaries of technology and inspiring young people to dream big and pursue their passions.

```
他总是不断推动技术的发展，并激励年轻人胸怀大志，追求他们的热情所在。

push the boundaries 推动...的边界、突破...的边界
inspire sb 激励某人
dream big 胸怀大志
pursue sth 追求某事
passion 热情、强烈的爱好
```

> 链接：[每日积累“背三句”-他是年轻人的榜样 (qq.com)](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/GdES-4pteZ5R8aJXF_an9A)。

### 2024/06/26

My favorite website to visit is TED.com.

```
我最喜欢访问的网站是TED.com。
```

TED is a nonprofit organization that hosts talks from experts in various fields, ranging from science and technology to social issues and the arts.

```
TED是一个非营利组织，它举办来自各个领域专家的演讲，内容涵盖科学、技术、社会问题以及艺术等。

nonprofit organization 非盈利组织
host sth 举办...
talk n. 演讲
expert 专家
various 各种各样的...
field 领域
ranging from ... to ... 范围从...到...（一种举例方式）
social issue 社会问题
```

TED talks often challenge my thinking and expand my horizons.

```
TED演讲经常挑战我的思维并开阔我的视野。

challenge 挑战
expand my horizons 开阔我的视野
```

> 链接：[每日积累“背三句”-谈论一个网站 (qq.com)](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/etRO_6Bz35ps96fERc2l6Q)。

### 2024/06/30

I'd like to own a Tesla Model S because it's eco-friendly and has cutting-edge technology.

```
我想拥有一辆特斯拉Model S，因为它环保且具备尖端技术。

own 拥有
eco-friendly 环保的
cutting-edge 尖端的、前沿的
```

I like its minimalist interior with a large touchscreen.

```
我喜欢它简约的内饰和大触摸屏。

minimalist 简约的
interior 内饰
touchscreen 触摸屏
```

It would be fun to drive and help reduce my carbon footprint.

```
开这辆车会很有驾驶乐趣，并且有助于减少我的碳足迹。

would 因为我现在并不拥有这辆车，是希望能够拥有，所以使用虚拟语气“would”
carbon footprint 碳足迹（个人、组织、活动或产品在其生命周期中直接或间接产生的温室气体排放量）
```

> 链接：[每日积累“背三句”-我想拥有的一辆车 (qq.com)](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/akIq1T2CoVrjUGx23XrSDA)。

### 2024/07/01

I realized that I had forgotten my graduation cap and gown in my dorm. (on the day of my graduation ceremony)

```
我意识到我把毕业帽和毕业袍忘在了宿舍里。（在我毕业典礼的那天）

realize 意识到
I had forgotten 过去完成时（过去的过去）
graduation cap 毕业帽
graduation gown 毕业袍
dorm 宿舍
ceremony 典礼、庆典
```

I ran back to my dorm, picked up the gown and cap, and sprinted back to the venue.

```
我跑回宿舍，拿起毕业袍和毕业帽，然后冲回了会场。

pick sth up 拿起某物
sprint 冲刺、疾驰
venue 会场
```

It was a once-in-a-lifetime experience, and I couldn't afford to miss it.

```
这是一生一次的经历，我不能错过。

once-in-a-lifetime 一生一次的、千载难逢的、令人难忘的
can't afford to do sth 不能承担得起...
miss sth 错过某事
```

> 链接：[每日积累“背三句”-哎呀哎呀，有点着急...... (qq.com)](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/9kFLgLvjJF7M9o6cAZBypA)。

### 2024/07/02

My friend, Emily, was going through a tough time after a breakup.

```
我的朋友Emily在分手后经历了一段艰难时期。

go through a tough time 经历艰难时期
breakup n. 分手
```

I suggested she try new hobbies and revisit old ones she had neglected.

```
我建议她尝试新的爱好，并重新拾起那些她曾经忽略的旧爱好。

suggest that sb should do sth 这里that和should都可以省略
revisit sth 再访、重提…
she had neglected 注意过去完成时（过去的过去）
neglect sth 忽视、疏于照管…
```

She took up painting and over the months, she regained her confidence and happiness.

```
她开始了绘画。在几个月期间，她重新找回了自信和快乐。

take sth up 开始从事（工作、爱好等）
over the months 在这几个月期间
regain sth 重新找回/获得…
```

> 链接：[每日积累“背三句”-一个好建议 (qq.com)](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/YGvEqDzzF07BIF6u862WYw)。

### 2024/07/04

I love coffee because it gives me a quick energy boost.

```
我爱喝咖啡，因为它能迅速提升我的能量。

boost 提升、促进
```

I like cappuccino the most because of its rich, creamy texture and balanced flavor.

```
我最喜欢卡布奇诺，因为它有丰富的、奶油的口感和均衡的味道。

cappuccino 卡布奇诺
rich 丰富的
creamy 奶油的、奶油般的
texture 质地、口感
balanced 均衡的
flavor 味道
```

The first time I tried coffee, I found it too bitter, but over time, I started to appreciate it more and more.

```
第一次喝咖啡时，我觉得它太苦了，但随着时间的推移，我开始越来越喜欢它。

find+sth+adj. 觉得某物怎么样
bitter 苦的
over time 随着时间的推移
appreciate sth 喜欢、欣赏某物
```

> 链接：[每日积累“背三句”-你也爱喝咖啡吗？ (qq.com)](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/__wZQ-LmkIrVEKN6uPIgkA)。

### 2024/07/06

During the pandemic, I had to adapt to online learning, which presented some challenges.

```
在疫情期间，我必须得适应在线学习的方式，这给我带来了一些挑战。

pandemic 疾病或病毒的全球大流行（这几年通常表示“新冠病毒的全球大流行”）
adapt to sth 适应...
present sth 呈现，提出...
challenge 挑战
```

Staying focused and motivated while learning remotely was difficult, but I managed to overcome these obstacles.

```
远程学习时，保持专注和动力是困难的，但我设法克服了这些障碍。

stay ... 保持...
focused 专注的
motivated 有动力的，有积极性的
remotely 远程地，遥远地
manage to do sth 设法做成某事
overcome sth 克服某事
obstacle 障碍，阻碍物
```

I believe online learning will continue to evolve and become more effective in the future.

```
我相信在线学习将在未来继续发展，并变得更加有效。

evolve 发展，进化
effective 有效的
```

> 链接：[每日积累“背三句”-重点话题-网络学习 (qq.com)](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/Pgh70MfALmu9HhYNKqM4zQ)。

### 2024/07/07

I really enjoyed my childhood.

```
我非常享受我的童年。
```

One of my earliest memories is playing in the park with my older brother.

```
我最早的记忆之一是和我哥哥在公园里玩。
```

We used to spend hours playing on the swings, going down slides, and building sandcastles.

```
我们经常花几个小时荡秋千、滑滑梯和堆沙堡。

swing 秋千
slide 滑梯
sandcastle 沙子城堡
```

> 链接：[每日积累“背三句”-我也想回到童年 (qq.com)](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/cuwAyQQ7kV_mJ2H7DwcEHQ)。

### 2024/07/08

I like T-shirts with designs because they add a bit of personality and fun to my outfit.

```
我喜欢有设计的T恤，因为它们为我的穿着增添了一些个性和乐趣。

design 设计
add sth 增添某物
personality 个性
fun 乐趣
outfit 穿着、全套服装
```

Whether it’s a graphic print or a cool logo, it makes the T-shirt more interesting.

```
无论是图案印花还是酷炫的标志，它都会让T恤更加有趣。

whether ... or ... 无论...还是...（一种举例方式）
graphic 图案的
print 印花
logo 标志
```

Plain T-shirts are also good because they can match almost anything.

```
素色T恤也很好，因为它们几乎可以搭配任何东西。

plain 单色的、素色的
match 搭配
```

> 链接：[每日积累“背三句”-雅思口语难点-T-shirts (qq.com)](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/jZjKD6Jzdin2AE7Nxva6lA)。

### 2024/07/09

The subject I'm interested in is marine biology.

```
我感兴趣的学科是海洋生物学。

marine biology 海洋生物学
```

I first came to know about marine biology during a family vacation to the Great Barrier Reef in Australia when I was 12 years old.

```
我第一次了解到海洋生物学是在我12岁时的一次家庭度假期间，那次我们去了澳大利亚的大堡礁。

come to know sth 了解到某事
vacation 度假、假期
Great Barrier Reef 大堡礁
```

I'm fascinated by marine biology because of the amazing variety of life in our oceans.

```
我对海洋生物学着迷，因为海洋中有着令人惊叹的多样生命。

be fascinated by sth 对某事着迷
amazing 令人惊叹的、非常棒的
variety 多样性
life 生命（不可数）
ocean （五大洋之一的）洋（可数）；海洋（不可数）
```

> 链接：[每日积累“背三句”-雅思口语难点-谈论一个科学学科 (qq.com)](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/Y5Kv4RzBXb6BVGW9zbwlow)。

### 2024/07/10

The Great Wall of China is an impressive structure that winds through mountains and valleys.

```
长城是一座令人印象深刻的建筑，蜿蜒穿过山川和峡谷。

the Great Wall of China = the Great Wall 很多外国人说长城的时候会加上 of China
impressive 令人印象深刻的、非常棒的
structure 建筑物、结构体
wind through sth 蜿蜒穿过…
valley 山谷
```

The Badaling section is well-preserved and features strong stone walls and watchtowers.

```
八达岭段保存完好，设有坚固的石墙和瞭望塔。

section 部分、路段、节
well-preserved 保存完好的
feature sth 以…为特色
watchtower 瞭望塔
```

The Great Wall is a major historical landmark and attracts millions of visitors each year.

```
长城是主要的历史地标，每年吸引数百万游客。

major 主要的
historical 历史的
landmark 地标
```

> 链接：[每日积累“背三句”-如何谈论长城？ (qq.com)](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/9uDx37rF_Jx2UqC_VsSnsg)。

### 2024/07/13

I recently went hiking with friends in the mountains near my hometown.

```
最近，我和朋友们去了家乡附近的山里进行了徒步旅行。
```

I really enjoyed the sense of accomplishment when we reached the summit.

```
当我们到达顶峰时，我很享受那种成就感。

sense of accomplishment 成就感
reach sth 到达...
summit 山顶、顶峰
```

I liked the physical aspect, but I loved the banter and laughter more.

```
我很喜欢运动的一面，但是更喜欢（和朋友间的）欢声笑语。

physical 身体（运动）方面的
aspect 方面
banter n. （善意的）取笑、戏谑、打趣
laughter 笑声
```

> 链接：[每日积累“背三句”-口语重点话题-outdoor activity (qq.com)](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/D4AkpRs8-pzhDkLCOtTZSw)。

### 2024/07/14

Vancouver is a diverse and cosmopolitan city.

```
温哥华是一个多元化且国际化的大都市。

diverse 多元化的
cosmopolitan 国际化的
```

It's known for its stunning natural beauty and high quality of life.

```
它以令人惊叹的自然美景和高品质的生活而闻名。

be known for sth 因...而闻名
stunning 令人惊叹的、极其棒的
natural beauty 自然美景（不可数）
quality of life 生活质量
```

Compared to the rest of Canada, Vancouver has a mild climate with relatively warm winters.

```
与加拿大其他地区相比，温哥华的气候温和，冬季相对温暖。

compared to sth 与...相比
the rest of ... ……的其他部分
mild 温和的
climate 气候
relatively 相对地
```

> 链接：[每日积累“背三句”-你想去这座城市居住吗？ (qq.com)](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/GTM_lStRq7Zd1OGzTdVZmw)。

### 2024/07/20

I believe that libraries will still be around in the future.

```
我相信图书馆在未来仍然会存在。

be around 在周围、是存在的
```

While technology has changed the way we read and access information, libraries are about more than just books.

```
尽管科技改变了我们阅读和获取信息的方式，可图书馆提供的不仅仅是书。

while 尽管、虽然
the way ... ...的方式
access sth 获取某物
```

They provide a quiet space for studying, where people can concentrate on their work without distractions.

```
图书馆提供了一个安静的学习空间，人们可以在这里专注于工作（学习也可以被称为work）而不受干扰。

provide sth 提供某物
space 空间(libraries虽然是复数，但是它们整体被看成了一种/个地方，所以space用了单数）
concentrate on sth 专注于某事
distraction n. 干扰
```

> 链接：[每日积累“背三句”-图书馆、阅读、学习、专注 (qq.com)](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/XDfiAJ1c940eW3P91v48RA)。

### 2024/07/21

I was born and raised in a small village in the southwest of our country.

```
我在我们国家西南部的一个小村庄里出生并长大。

be born and raised in ... 在...出生长大（raise sb 抚养某人）
```

The village was peaceful and safe, making it an ideal environment for children.

```
这个村庄宁静安全，是孩子们理想的成长环境。

peaceful 宁静的
ideal 理想的
```

We spent our days exploring the woods, cycling along the country roads, and fishing in the nearby streams.

```
我们每天都在树林里探险，在乡间小路上骑车，在附近的小溪里钓鱼。

explore sth 探索某物
woods 树林
cycle 骑自行车
along 沿着
country 乡村
nearby 附近的
stream 小溪
```

> 链接：[每日积累“背三句”-我出生长大的地方 (qq.com)](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/8F5F0ludVImZ58AO-x7e4w)。

### 2024/07/22

The person who has had a profound impact on my life is my high school English teacher, Mrs. Paula.

```
对我人生有深远影响的人是我的高中英语老师，Paula老师。

have an impact on sth/sb 对某事/某人产生影响
profound 深远的，深刻的
```

What set her apart was her willingness to go the extra mile.

```
使她与众不同的是她那不遗余力地对孩子们的付出。

set sb apart 使某人出众，使某人显得与众不同
willingness n. 愿意，乐意
go the extra mile 付出额外的努力，不遗余力
```

She often stayed late after school to help students who struggled with English.

```
她经常放学后留下来帮助那些在英语上有困难的学生。

struggle with sth 在某事上挣扎，有困难
```

> 链接：[每日积累“背三句”-对我产生很大影响的人 (qq.com)](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/8U1TstUM7ZdtNVoH8Ep6Uw)。

### 2023/07/23

This ad popped up on my screen repeatedly while I was scrolling through my social media feed.

```
这条广告在我浏览社交媒体时反复出现在我的屏幕上。

ad = advert = advertisement 广告
pop up 突然出现或弹出
repeatedly 多次重复地
scroll through social media 浏览社交媒体
feed 社交媒体信息流（新鲜事、更新的动态等）
```

It was a video advertisement promoting a fast food chain, showcasing their greasy burgers and fries.

```
那是一个视频广告，宣传一家快餐连锁店，广告中展示的是他们油腻的汉堡和薯条。

promote sth 推广、宣传...
chain 连锁
showcase sth 展示、展现...
greasy 油腻的、油脂多的
fries=French fries 薯条
```

I felt like the ad was stalking me, which made me feel very uncomfortable.

```
我觉得这条广告就像是在跟踪我一样（反复出现），这让我感到非常不舒服。

stalk sb 跟踪、尾随某人
```

> 链接：[每日积累“背三句”-谈论一个不喜欢的广告 (qq.com)](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/srefBgRjLDhgmwcBj7xNXA)。

### 2023/07/24

Music is an indispensable part of my life.

```
音乐是我生活中不可或缺的一部分。

indispensable 不可或缺的
```

I love music mainly because it can put me in a better mood.

```
我爱音乐主要是因为它能让我心情变好。

mainly 主要
put sb in a ... mood 让某人处于...的心情
```

When I'm stressed or sad, the right song can instantly transport me to a more positive state of mind.

```
当我感到压力或悲伤时，合适的歌曲能瞬间把我带到更积极的心态。

stressed 感到压力的
instantly 立即
transport 运送、带到
positive 积极的
state of mind 心态
```

> 链接：[每日积累“背三句”-音乐对我们的影响 (qq.com)](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/K82gt4pRH133FbcTcVBveQ)。

### 2023/07/27

I catch up on the news only a few times a week, not every day.

```
我每周只看几次新闻，并不是每天都看。

catch up on sth 补上...、了解最新的（消息）
```

I mostly enjoy reading about lifestyle and entertainment news.

```
我主要喜欢阅读有关生活方式和娱乐方面的新闻。

mostly 主要
lifestyle 生活方式
entertainment n. 娱乐
```

Staying informed helps us understand the world better, make educated decisions, and engage in meaningful conversations.

```
阅读新闻（获取信息）有助于我们更好地理解世界，做出明智的决定，并参与有意义的对话。

stay informed 保持（对...的）了解
educated decision 明智的决定
engage in sth 参与、参加...
meaningful 有意义的
```

> 链接：[每日积累“背三句”-口语重点-news (qq.com)](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/qjTODbl6_ZDn8UCpEuk7qQ)。

### 2023/07/28

The main reason why people take photos of themselves and their friends and family is to capture memories.

```
人们给自己、朋友和家人拍照的主要原因是为了捕捉记忆。

main reason 主要原因
capture sth 捕捉...
```

Photos serve as souvenirs that remind us of special moments from the past.

```
照片就像纪念品一样，提醒我们过去的特殊瞬间。

serve as sth 作为...、充当...
souvenir 纪念品
remind sb of sth 提醒某人某事
moment 瞬间
```

I love taking photos, but I enjoy looking through them even more.

```
我喜欢拍照，但我更喜欢翻阅这些照片。

look through sth 翻阅某物
```

> 链接：[每日积累“背三句”-摄影、照片 (qq.com)](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/tofdbgRs8eH6CbL1s7O9vQ)。

### 2023/07/29

Last summer, I had the opportunity to teach my younger cousin how to ride a bicycle.

```
去年夏天，我有机会教我表弟骑自行车。

opportunity 机会
younger cousin 表弟/表妹/堂弟/堂妹
```

He had always wanted to learn but never had the chance, so I decided to take it upon myself to teach him.

```
他一直想学但从未有机会，所以我决定亲自教他。

had always wanted ... 过去完成时（过去的过去）
take it upon myself to do sth 决定亲自做某事、主动承担某事（这里不翻译成“自作主张”）
```

It took a few days of patience and encouragement, but eventually, he got the hang of it.

```
经过几天的耐心和鼓励，他终于掌握了窍门/慢慢学会了骑车。

take ... 花费、需要...（时间）
patience n. 耐心
encouragement n. 鼓励
eventually 最终
get the hang of sth 掌握...的窍门
```

> 链接：[每日积累“背三句”-教别人某个技能 (qq.com)](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/wkkmc_x7DJtnRA9unU2e-g)。
