# 雅思口语 - 素材积累

## part 1

### Advertisements

**Do you like advertisements ?**

Has anyone answered “Yes” to this question? Haha. Most advertisements are boring and intrusive. For example, ads often pop up while I’m watching a YouTube video, and I always get very annoyed. But there’s nothing I can do about it.

```
intrusive 侵扰的
ad=advert=advertisement 广告
pop up 突然出现、蹦出来
annoyed 感到很烦的
```

**What kind of advertising do you like ?**

It’s hard to think of any that appeals to me. Creative ones? Interesting ones? I can’t think of any examples, but there could have been some adverts that were fun to watch ... or billboards with funny pictures. But like I said, no specific example comes to mind.

```
think of sth 想到... appeal to sb 吸引某人、令某人喜欢
creative 有创意的
there could have been ... 对过去的虚拟
fun 有意思的
billboard （路边的）广告牌
specific 具体的
come to mind 被我想到
```

**Is there an advertisement that made an impression on you when you were a child ?**

Made an impression on me ... Yeah, one commercial that I used to see time and time again on TV was ... “羊羊羊” It’s just one sound repeated over and over. This one definitely made a very lasting impression on me. But you know what the problem is? I still don’t know what it advertises.

```
commercial 电视上面的商业广告
time and time again=over and over (again) 一遍又一遍地
lasting 持久的
advertise sth 为...做广告、宣传...
```

**Do you see a lot of advertising on trains or other forms of transport ？**

Yeah, I do. And there’s more and more of it. Advertising is everywhere, and that’s why I said it’s very intrusive.

## part 2

### 题目 1

**Describe a difficult task that you completed at work/study that you felt proud of**

**You should say :**
**what the task was**
**how you completed it**
**why the task was difficult**
**and explain why you were proud of completing the task**

I’m going to describe a task of reading a book and giving a presentation about that book. The book is titled *the* *Seven Habits of Highly Effective People*, which talks about some important habits that we can incorporate into our lives in order to work better, have better relationships and live better lives overall. For example, one of the habits is “Seek first to understand, then to be understood”. It means that while we have a conversation with someone, we should spend more time listening to them, trying to understand their point of view, and then it’ll be more effective to offer our own ideas or opinions. 

This task was very difficult because I only had one week to complete it. I only had one hour to read every night because at the time, I was also busy with some other projects and exams to prepare for. Plus, a presentation was required. I had to summarize the main points, think about what examples to talk about, work on the slides, and then practice giving the presentation. It was pretty challenging. 

I felt very proud of completing this task because after the presentation in class, I got a big round of applause from my classmates and econ teacher. They said that they particularly liked the examples I used. 

```
be titled ... 标题是... incorporate sth into sth 将...纳入/融入... in order to do sth 为了... overall 总体上
point of view 观点
effective 有效的
at the time 在那段时间
project 项目
prepare for an exam 准备考试（注意这里要有 for）
plus 另外
summarize the main points 总结主要内容
slides 幻灯片
challenging 有挑战性的
a big round of applause 热烈的掌声
econ=economics 经济学
particularly 尤其、特别
```

